# GarageSaleFundRaiser
The organizers want an online garage salea pplication where the users can fill an online form and be given a receipt.The fund raiser cause, sale items and inventory are left to your discretion (Animal Rescue). 
# HTML Requirements: 
•In order to generate an estimate, collect the user’s name, email addressand credit card information. Make sure there are at least 5 itemsavailable for sale.
# JavaScript Requirements:
•All JavaScript code must be located in an external script file. •The following user inputs must be validated:
•Mandatory fieldsname and email address.•Fields with specific format. •Credit Card in format xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx eg: 4111-1111-1111-1111• Credit Card Expiry Month in format: MMMeg: NOV•Credit Card Expiry Year in format: yyyyeg: 2021 •At least one itemshould be bought and the valuecustomerentersin the item quantity input boxes should be a number.Do not use input type number in HTML. You mustdo the validation in JavaScript. As a part of the fund raiser the customermust donate $10 or 10% of the total price of items they are buying, whicheveris higher.Automatically calculate the donation amount based on the total purchase. •If any errors exist,display all the error messages on the web page. Do not use a JavaScript popup box for this purposeor show only one error at a time. •Generate a receipt to give to the customer.Show only the last 4 digits of the credit cardalong with the rest of the informationlike name, email, products, quantity, total cost, donation amount, etc.
